ingredients
spicy thai peanut sauce

½ cup creamy peanut butter
¼ cup reduced-sodium tamari or soy sauce
3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons honey or maple syrup
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, pressed
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons water

roasted vegetables

2 sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 1 inch long, ½ inch wide chunks
1 red bell pepper, cored, deseeded, and sliced into bite-sized strips
about 2 tablespoons coconut oil (or olive oil)
¼ teaspoon cumin powder
sea salt, to taste

rice and garnishes

1 ¼ cup jasmine brown rice (or any variety of long-grain brown rice)
2 to 3 green onions/chives, sliced into thin rounds (green and white parts)
handful cilantro, torn
handful peanuts, crushed
sriracha/rooster sauce on the side (optional)



instructions

prep: bring a large pot of water to boil. preheat the oven to 425 degrees fahrenheit with a rack in the middle and another rack near the top.
roast the vegetables: on a large, rimmed baking sheet, toss the sweet potato with a generous tablespoon of coconut oil, the cumin and a sprinkle of salt. arrange them in a single layer, and set aside.
on a separate, smaller baking sheet, toss the bell pepper with about 1 teaspoon of coconut oil and a sprinkle of salt. toss until lightly coated, and arrange them in a single layer.
roast the sweet potatoes on the middle rack for about 35 minutes, tossing halfway, and roast the peppers on the top rack for about 20 minutes, tossing halfway. the vegetables will be tender and caramelized on the edges when they are ready.
in the meantime, cook the rice: once the water is boiling, pour in the rice and give it a stir. boil the rice for 30 minutes, then turn off the heat and drain the rice. return the rice to the pot and cover the pot. let the rice steam that way for 10 minutes. remove the lid, fluff the rice with a fork and season with salt to taste.
make the sauce: in a bowl, whisk together the sauce ingredients. if the sauce is too thick or too spicy, whisk in a little more water.
serve: in bowls, divide the rice and roasted vegetables. drizzle each bowl generously with sauce, and top with a sprinkle of green onions, cilantro and peanuts.



