ingredients

1 medium broccoli1 block of extra firm tofu (300gms)½ avocado (sliced)cooked black rice sauce : any bbq chipotle spice, salt, tomato sauce, sugar(powdered) and olive oil.

see recipe card for quantities.


equipment
grill pansaucepan or microwave for making rice.whisk

how to make homemade chipotle sauce?
in a bowl, mix chipotle spice, salt, raw sugar(powdered) and olive oil to tomato sauce.

mix well with a whisk to make a sauce of thick consistency.

how to make chipotle tofu?
take extra firm tofu or firm one and press it to remove any excess water. 

slice the block into pieces of desired thickness(i recommend 1 cm thick)

spread sauce on it with a spoon/brush.

heat a grill pan, add these slices and grill them to perfection.

cook and flip on the other side for few minutes.

coat it with more chipotle once done to make it extra saucy! yes you wont regret this!
veg chipotle recipe
how to make chipotle broccoli?
toss broccoli with salt and olive oil.

in a pan, heat a spoonful of oil and add chopped broccoli florets to it. cook it for 4-5 mins on each side

once done, toss the broccoli florets with the sauce and mix well. they are juicy and succulent 🙂

how to make black rice?
soak ½ cup it in 1 cup of water for 30 mins. drain the excess water and cook rice with 3-4 cups of water. sieve excess water once it soft. refer to instruction on packet for reference.
serving suggestion
arrange the burrito bowl with a portion of black rice, sliced avocadoes, tofu and any pickles veggies(i choose purple cabbage). chipotle vegan bowl is a dish to savor!

substitutions
if you do not have black rice at home, you can replace it with a portion of brown rice, white rice or quinoa.
variations
if you do not have firm tofu, you can use a tofu scramble in it. vegetarians may use paneer although i will recommend this is a very good way of eating tofu do not miss it!
storage
you can cook extra rice and eat it for two times. purple cabbage, avocadoes should be sliced fresh.
top tip
you can add grilled corn and lemon juice if you like.
food safety
tofu expires within 3-4 days once open. hence, it is always advisable to check the expiry date on the packet. if it tastes sour or rancid. please discard.
related links
tofu manchurian (air fry / bake)veg mexican quesadillavietnamese saladvegan aioli pasta saladvegan mayochocolate cake with tofu frosting( vegan & chocolicious)vegan chili



 print recipe
4.84 from 6 votes

vegan chipotle bowl recipe| mexican tofu bowl recipe

vegan chipotle bowl is a potpourri of flavor and textures. tofu rich burrito bowl which makes meal easy and healthy

prep time30 minscook time30 mins

course: main coursecuisine: americankeyword: at home chipotle bowl recipe, tofu chipotle bowl, vegan chipotle bowl
servings: 2
author: bhavana bhatia
equipmentgrill pansaucepansievewhisk
ingredients300  gm firm tofu or 1 block1 medium broccoli florets½ cup black rice½ avocado sliced¼ cup pickled veggies purple cabbage or onions or cucumberchipotle sauce¼ cup tomato sauce2 teaspoon barbeque seasoning with chipotle remove or add as per your taste½ teaspoon salt2 tbsp. olive oil2 teaspoon raw sugar powdered 
instructions